Viz: refining key points and a little more (#87)
datacarpentry/astronomy-python: _episodes/03-motion.md

- "When you make a scatter plot, adjust the size of the markers and their transparency so the figure is not overplotted; otherwise it can misrepresent the data badly."
- "For simple scatter plots in Matplotlib, `plot` is faster than `scatter`."
- "An Astropy `Table` and a Pandas `DataFrame` are similar in many ways and they provide many of the same functions.  They have pros and cons, but for many projects, either one would be a reasonable choice."

> - "To store data from a Pandas `DataFrame`, a good option is an HDF5 file, which can contain multiple Datasets (we'll dig in more in the Join lesson)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "To store data from a Pandas `DataFrame`, a good option is an HDF5 file, which can contain multiple Datasets (we will dig in more in the Join lesson)."
```
